Ok. I need help creating a cooking feature in my game. Currently on FireView there is an image of a pot. When you click the pot, it will check the fire value of the player’s tribe. If fire=0 or fire=1, a parchment will reveal saying “You don’t have a strong enough fire to cook anything.” But if fire=2 or higher, then the image Assets/Minigame/pot-open.png will load and a parchment will display over top of it with instructions “Add ingredients to the pot to cook. Different items take longer than others to cook. Keep an eye on the pot to prevent food from burning.” Tapping anywhere will close the parchment and load two buttons beneath the pot (above the action bar). These buttons are Assets/Minigame/fishButton.png and coconutButton.png side by side. Tapping the fish button will check the player.fish value and a simple overlay will popup with a plus and minus sign and the number 0. Beneath will have the value of fish. Adding or subtraction will change the value between the + and - but you can’t raise higher than the value of player.fish - also there should be a small button maybe .rect-button.small styling with the word Add on it. This button will add the value the player selected of fish to the pot. The image Assets/Resources/fish3.png will then be added on top of the pot-open.png background with a x1 or x4 or however many fish was added a little text in the corner of the fish image to signify how many fish was added. Then a small bar is beneath the fish image inside the pot as a timer. The bar fills from light yellow to dark red to black at the very end. For fish, the timer is 10 in game minutes (not real life minutes). Add a small timer below the status bar or inside of it maybe. As the timer ticks down, the bar fills. Once the timer reaches 9 minutes, the fish image inside the pot will change to Assets/Resources/fishCooked3.png and once it reaches 10 minutes the image becomes Assets/Resources/ash.png. Same for coconut. The image for the coconut inside the pot however is Assets/Resources/coconutCooked.png 

The player can cook two things are once and at different times so each timer should be on its own for each item. 

Please perfect this concept and implement the correct code